police and riot gear move in on
protesters who are showing solidarity to
Palestinians at the University of
Virginia the police escalation and force
now an all too familiar scene at college
campuses around the us but it doesn't
have to be this way on the other side of
the United States at the University of
California Irvine a much different scene
we have had police presence actually but
it's not has been it hasn't been
aggressive or agitating it does
definitely it should give other
universities an example of how to treat
this and not to be aggressive with your
own students and professors faculty and
staff which we have seen they have been
very aggressive with some professors as
well several dozen protesters have been
at this encampment for over a week now
it's calm and peaceful and the
university administrators and protest
leaders are engaged in dialogue what's
been unique about like um our situation
here is that we started meeting with the
negot ators um almost like since day one
and um at first obviously they were
opposed to what our demands were and we
were strict that our demands um were not
going to fold on our demands and so we
we did a counter de like demand back and
we said we send it to them and now it's
on the table which is um um which is
actually like big they're considering
our demands and we're still waiting to
hear here at UC Irvine they say they'll
keep this encampment up until their
demands are met and it appears that that
pressure is is working because at
another University UC see Riverside
about an hour away from here protesters
there actually reached an agreement with
the university the university agreed to
all five of the protesters demands
including considering divesting from
many companies that deal with Israel the
encampment at UC Riverside was then
voluntarily taken down in celebration
protesters here at UC Irvine are hoping
for the same
Gabriel zando Al jaer Irvine
California make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer